are you looking for a new rice dish
you're gonna love our Indian vegetable
biryani packed full of exotic spices
give it a try while you watch like stars
on earth so I don't know about you but I
am so excited for tonight's dinner I
love really food and I think a lot of
people don't think that it's accessible
but we're gonna make it accessible cuz
there's so many spices right and so many
ingredients so many spices Julianne come
up with a great idea for how to make the
spice is easier you want to talk about
the spice mixes well what we've done is
we created a concept where we just make
spice mixtures beforehand according to
when the spices go into the dish
everything that we need it all is
together in one bowl if you want to know
more about what spices we're using today
click right here and you can learn lots
about the health benefits and special
little tips and tricks for Indian spices
we are going to do a vegetable biryani
usually the vegetables are inside the
rice but since we like so many
vegetables we're doing ours on the side
alright so the first thing we're gonna
do is saute these onions which I only
started already because you want them to
be nice and brown beginning and then
we're going to add some garlic and also
some ginger these both give the
vegetables a really nice fresh taste
that looks delicious
all right once these are all mixed
together then we will add our spice
mixture the spice mixture goes in at the
beginning so it really gets everything
flavored really nicely what we have for
the rice here is a combination of some
currants some almond slivers and then a
bunch of the different spices garm
masala some cumin cinnamon
you know why biryani is called beyond a
lie and it's derived from the persian
word which means fried or toasted so in
America when we make rice usually we
just sort of boil it and then eat it but
we take the spices and we toast or fry
them first and add it to the rice after
which is going to add an extra dimension
of flavor so we're gonna toast off all
of these this is gonna be so delicious
so excited and then everyone I think is
going to really enjoy our movie tonight
it's a movie called Tod aids amine pod
and Natasha and I adore this movie it's
so good it's really good it's like a
Bollywood in the kind of film it's not
as long as usual
films sort of like I'd like to say the
Garden State of Bollywood films that's
what we have such a nice idea nice
reference it's hot in here I'm eating so
I grab my fan okay my love we toast it
off all of the spices here I added a bit
of extra oil too young cuz we're being
fancy today so now over here with this
onion mixture that we have that has all
the spices in it we're gonna add our
first ingredient which are what they
thought whatever somebody already cooked
them I kind of color cooked them meaning
I cooked them before I cooked them just
because potatoes take so long par cooked
well not my chef lingo write down a bit
well add the rest of the ingredient and
we're actually gonna transfer it into
this well should we try the rice let's
see
mmm good apparently potent it putting
like a bucketload of spices and things
really makes a good well we used brown
rice here too you can use white rice if
you like we are now going to add
everything into this large pot so the
way that we're gonna saute these
vegetables isn't by adding them in in
the order of how long they take to who
strategic okay we're gonna add the
carrots give it a good stir around then
we'll add our colleague like an
avalanche and we're just gonna put the
lid on I'm gonna add a little bit more
oil and let it go I'm sweet all right so
we're gonna give this about five minutes
come right back we will add the string
beans and we will taste these two things
together okay this has cooked down quite
a lot you'll know it's about ready when
potatoes almost start breaking down we
really wanted to create that Indian
texture which is sort of more mushy and
less firm so we're gonna add the green
beans in since everything else is so
texturally similar I'm actually just
barely barely gonna cook the green beans
because everything's so hot they're
gonna continue to cook even when they're
off the flame are you ready to taste our
vegetable concoction I'm really excited
so you can try it out together here I'll
make you a bike oh my god is can I make
you bite yeah
we're friends yeah we do look at a
wedding here I'll feed you yeah honey oh
my god well ha yeah this is not your
average price it'll be even better with
all the surprises we have to show off
later boo boo boom hmm
what do I want to make now